fitness people I now find myself in
the functional training room of the
gym fitness platinum we already had a
warming up and now we're with the
professor oscar vélez who is going to
explain what the routine will consist of
from now or be welcome fitness agent
very well thank you very much then already
after having done the warm-up
that prior activation we will enter
then to work
functional training training
of union has to do with many
characteristics of the training that
are the resistance to force the
balance proprioception is worked
everything so that there is a complement
ideal of all of all the work of the
ready body oscar I see the bosu also
I see medical balls what are they going to be
the benefits when using
those implements when we involve
the different muscle groups
benefits are everything all everything
it has to do with that because when
we are trying in boxing we are
working the balance and also you
There is a lot to see with concentration
then they fulfill many functions and what
another is that I have to be very
concentrated to be able to handle the load
that I have about on the hands that goes to
be the medicine ball then it's a
perfect complement to catch a
good training we look for and more
thanks to all my fitness people
prepared from their homes because from
the functional room of the platinum gym
fitness let's meet our appointment with
the exercise
very good boys then we are going to
start on a flat surface and
stable let's start doing with the
hands in front I squat and under the
squat ball squat in front and
under the ball, we're going to do 10
repetitions 10 repetitions so that the
work feel that's good technique
squeeze that ball also hold in your
face well back that the knee is in
perfect normal movement that's 3
repetitions plus that's 2 more perfect
a yellow has down there is a
isometric 5 4 3 2 1 I stand up
perfect now let's do the
individual a scissor back the
hand ball ball ready the
hand and today back and arm to the side
perfect of that is
put the effort to the hand that does not have
the ball also with the effort that's
yes, yes, yes, it is very good
two plus two more says that there is
stays and stays there stays and that's
five four three two one ok let's do the
change that I can not do from 10 to 15
repetitions of agreement from 10 to 15
repetitions we start with the other then
it went away and 1 go let's go 2 force in that
schedule stabilize the shoulders very well
3 we go four group that said ay ay ay
it said and five four three two one or
that there is rest now what we did
on the flat surface we are going to
pass it to an unstable surface of
I agree that that's where it starts
generate a little more force of
Concentration resistance according
come on then we go with diaz repeats
of squats this was not going and one
that is a continuous movement but
paused 2
3 we go with 10 4 perfect 5 very well
woman very well we go 6
that's 7 we go
8 that's 9 piles with the sharp each
day under force new arm that's 5
4 3 2 1 rest perfect and if we start
I'm going here
1 well it will go 2 perfect strength
well and concentration
that's 3 2 + 4 perfect and that towards
up there is balance concentration
strength in the stability arm are not
very good leg 4 3 2 1 rest this
from 10 to 15 repetitions we can do it
10 15 repetitions
you say for the other ok he went
1 very good we are going to top 2 that's a lot
3 perfect concentration up
assured this melody in 4 and you want
and there
well the next exercise again
flat surface ready
I'm going to do the work of adductors with
mobility and with shoulder up and to the other
top side is not perfect 3 there
42 with 10 5 hours an extended up
6 perfect there is centering the adductors
that's 5 more strongly as above
others have that leg relax very well
that's right there 2 more
last good that he does in the center that
is in the center separates the legs and
flex and today strength in the arms
we go a continuous work of arms and
submitted for the legs we go and that
follow continues strength was remembers tries to
be as fast as I can as
fast I can five we go four three
two one that we go to the bochum ready one and
happens with splashes half well
concentrated and all
3 perfect 4 are 10 5 very good 6
if we are going
8 391 more
10 ok rest and we boys are in
the gym for an end is I hope
that you liked the routine
my phone is 3 16 8 33 32 21 the
I always wait for you to see the program
to come to the gym